Motivation and Mindset: Provide full accessible text description of "stuck" diagram (#31223)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/introduction/motivation_and_mindset.md

- Take a break: Allow your diffuse learning state to work on the problem.
- Ask for help in the [TOP Discord server](https://discord.gg/fbFCkYabZB); come prepared with your research. People will be more willing to help you when they can see you have already put effort into trying to figure out the solution on your own.

![Diagram to help learners go through problems when they are stuck. Process described under the next heading "Problem solving steps"](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/978ba0e91a6a47452de819246f4c495e6b092f54/foundations/introduction/motivation_and_mindset/imgs/00.png)

#### Problem solving steps

1. Do the lesson.
1. Practise the concept.
1. Are you aware of how to solve the problem?
   1. Yes: Nice!
   1. No: Have you researched and experimented?
      1. Yes: Have you asked for guidance?
         1. Yes: Go back to step 2 (practise the concept).
         1. No: Ask a question. Does the guidance received make any sense?
            1. Yes: Go back to step 2 (practise the concept).
            1. No: Go back to step 1 (do the lesson).

>       1. No: Research and experiment, then go back to step 2 (practise the concept).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Do the lesson.
1. Practice the concept.
1. Are you aware of how to solve the problem?
   1. Yes: Nice!
   1. No: Have you researched and experimented?
      1. Yes: Have you asked for guidance?
         1. Yes: Go back to step 2 (practice the concept).
         1. No: Ask a question. Does the guidance received make any sense?
            1. Yes: Go back to step 2 (practice the concept).
            1. No: Go back to step 1 (do the lesson).
      1. No: Research and experiment, then go back to step 2 (practice the concept).
```

Since we are using American English

Author: Oh bloody 'ell xD
